Bump the stopped sandbox warning limit. (#171)
Automattic/vip-cli: README.md

## Changelog

### 1.2.0

- We now display a preview of the `sync` feature with the backup time and the search/replace taking place in your database.
- We now display your mapped domain instead of the `vip-go.co` ones in `vip app` and `vip app list`.

> - Bug fixes.

Reviewer: It would be nice to mention the specific fixes (if we can).

Reviewer 2: yes, i'll put this on hold until we finish everything for the needed for the `v1.2`

Reviewer 2: changed it with the help fix here #181

## Changelog

### 1.2.0

- We now display a preview of the `sync` feature with the backup time and the search/replace taking place in your database.

> - We now display your mapped domain instead of the `vip-go.co` ones in `vip app` and `vip app list`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We now display your mapped domain instead of the placeholder `go-vip.co` domain in `vip app` and `vip app list`.
```

> - We now display a better message when an environment do not have non-production environments.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- We now display a better message when an app does not have any non-production environments.
```

> - We now display a better message when an environment do not have non-production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We now display a better message when an environment does not have non-production environments to sync to.
```

> - We fixed a bug where the help menu was not showing until you're logged in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- We fixed a bug where the help menu was not showing until you're logged in.
```

> - We fixed a bug where the help menu was not showing until you're logged in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed a bug where the help menu was not showing until you're logged in.
```

> - We fixed some third party vulnerabilities by updating the used packages

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Updated dependencies.
```

> - We fixed some third party vulnerabilities by updating the used packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We updated third party dependencies to newer, more secure versions.
```
